hi everybody today I want to show you
the mask for dry and damaged hair and
all what we need for this mask is just
all the natural products we have at home
the products we eat the products we use
for cooking so here I used a half of
banana I just cut the half of it and
mashed it in a blender
so here is the banana mushed
as you see and I'm gonna use one yellow
of the egg and I'm gonna use milk the
one we buy from any grocery store
so I already prepared them up here in a
cup because I made it one just placement
in that cup is a warm water and I didn't
boil it on the stove and didn't make it
hot in a microwave just put holder cup
with your milk and the hot water with
dish with hot water so water hot water
can touch the your milk cup and it will
make it warm just it's enough to make it
work and we're gonna use honey just not
natural real honey but it from Walmart
just any store head so what we gonna do
we're gonna add milk here in our banana
all of it if your hair alone you can use
all the milk and if your hair are short
I just use half of this milk and I'm
gonna adhere to a tablespoon of honey
one and two
and we're going to add our yellow or the
other as I told you before milk is a
very good conditioner for our hair just
it just after you wash your hair and
they're clean you do if just you apply
or wrap their milk into your hair in the
root of your hair and all the way to the
length of your hair it will give your
hair silkiness and shine and will make
them stronger and even if you have split
I'll just cut them off and they will
grow faster and will be strong and also
milk that gives a volume to your hair
so all this national stuff available for
help because eggs people since all time
they use it
they was using it before as a shampoo
because they make hair soft and it's
very easy to come your hair after that
and honey is very famous Oh acids which
is vitamins and the banana is a national
road and there's a lot of mass where you
can use banana and have a lot of
vitamins in it and because it's modern
it's a good luck event even if you blend
it in a blender and it's gonna be like a
heavy mask as you saw before so all this
you need to apply it into the root of
your hair and all the way to the length
of your head and then after you do that
because it's too much and if you have
for your hair are not that long just
short hair just use everything half one
tablespoon of honey half half of the
half of the cup like like I use half cup
and you just use half of it and one
yellow of the egg you still need to use
it and even if you use half a banana
just use half of the half it will be
enough for you just make everything it
so and this year after you apply this on
your in your hair wrap now you need to
wrap your hair with a plastic bag and
after that you need to rub your hair
with a towel because this is gonna keep
going on your face and the towel will
absorb everything and you still gonna
feel comfy even the mask on your hair so
after that you will easy wash your hair
and it will be easy to come to come your
hair thank you for watching and watch my
other videos